A sad fall; had a hall; a jak falls; as a fall ad; If her aid; all he sees; he irks her; a jade fish; As he fell; he sells fir desks; she had half a jar old old for fore Ol ol of of or or for for oak oak off off sol sole Do so; a doe; of old; of oak; old foe; of old oak; F f tf tf it it at at tie tie the the  a fit; it fit; tie it; the fit; at the site To to too too toe toe dot dot lot lot hot hot tort A lot; to jot; too hot; odd lot; a fort; for a lot Of the; to rot; dot it; the lot; for the; for this  Is led fro hit old fit let kit rod kid dot jak sit He he she she led led had had see see has has seek He led ask her she held has fled had jade he leads It it fit tie sit kit kit its its fits A kit a fit a tie lit it it fits it sits it is fit Or or for for ore ore fro fro oar oar roe roe rode A rod a door a rose or for her or he rode or a ro Of he or it is to if do el odd off too for she the It is if it do so if he to do or the she is of all If she is; ask a lad; to the lake; off the old jet He or she; for a fit; if she left the; a jake salad  Has a jak; ask a lad; a fall fad; has a jak salad; To do it; as a tot; do a lot; it is hot; to dot it Is a kid; it is far; a red jar; her skis; her aide J j nj nj an an and and end end ant ant land lands in on on end end and and hand An en; an end; an ant; no end; on land; a fine end go go fog fog got got fig figs jogs jogs go go got got dig dig jog jog logs logs golf To to; he got; to jog; to jig; the fog; is to golf Go go no no nag nag ago ago gin gin gone gone long Go on; a nag; sign in; no gain; long ago; into fog A fine gig; log in soon; a good sign; lend a hand; She is gone; he got an old dog; She jogs in a dense fog; She and he go to golf at nine; He is a hand on a rig in the north; He jogs; an old ski; do a log for; she left a jar; An an go go in in dig dig and and got got end ends She said he did it for her; he is to take the oars Sign the list on the desk; go right to the old jet He is; if an; or do; to go; a jak; an oak; of all; Kal rode; Kae did it; Hans has jade; Jan ate a fig I I I Jake Jake Jake Oak Oak Oak Lake Lake Lake I see that Jake is to aide Kae at the Oak Lake sale I do.  Ian is.  Ola did.  Jan does.  Kent is gone. Hal did it.  I shall do it.  Kate left on a train. J. L. Hans skis on Oak Lake; Lt. Haig also does so. He said ft. for feet; rd. for road; ft. for floor. Lt. Hahn let L. K. take the old gong to Lake Neil. Lars is to ask at the old store for a kite for Jo. Ike said he is to take the old road to Lake Heidi. If so it is to do if it do so to go he is to do it Ned asked her to send the log to an old ski lodge. To the and do is the got it if the for the ask for O. J. lost one of the sleds he took off the train.
